hi I'm Liz Larson welcome back to the
art of frosting today I'm back with some
cake decorating basics I want to show
you how I make this grown-up Valentine's
Day cake pop that's grown-up because it
has the Cure's in it so it's a little
fancier I'm going to show you how to do
some of these little decorations and how
to get this variegated color let's get
started we're starting with some
leftover red velvet cupcakes for cake
pops the leftover stuff is really the
better it's a little bit drier and it's
a little bit more work well crumbles a
little better so we're starting with
that we're gonna add a little bit of
Kahlua
so for these cake pops we are making
what's called a raspberry mudslide you
want to add maybe about a teaspoon a
teaspoon of Chambord now if you want to
put this all in a shot glass before you
put it in you can siryour equal amounts
chambord is a raspberry liqueur and some
Bailey's so in drink form this would be
called a raspberry mudslide okay and
then that we want to add to that so
melted chocolate chips this is the
chocolate part of the raspberry mudslide
and you want to add me about a half a
cup of chocolate to that and then you
want to get that on the mixer right away
you want to put it on the lowest speed
to start just let it blend kind of
starting and stopping you don't want it
to be
he wanted to be too much of a meal you
want it to be more of a piece that's
about the consistency you want you can
see it's pretty soft this is gonna make
a filling that's more like a truffle and
a little less like a cake pop so we want
to fill our cake pop hearts with our
paste but first we want to start out
with some Pam or some olive oil spray
something you want to spray down the
inside of your of your cookie cutters
and it's okay to get it on to the wax
paper or parchment that'll keep it from
sticking there to there you go and then
you want to take some of your paste and
fill your cookie cutters
and you want to keep pressing it down in
and fill it as best you can
now if you want to make these a little
more kid-friendly you can always make a
simple syrup
with the cola with the alcohol flavors
and I'll included a video at the end
that shows the decadent chocolate cake
shows how to make a simple syrup and
that burns all the alcohol off when
they're completely full you want to go
ahead and slide them off these are not
the very best cookie cutters for it but
they're great for showing up on camera
because without a lip or better there
you go
next we want to put our stick and some
melted candy melts with some shortening
in it to thin it I'll put the video at
the end to the other cake pops to show
how to do that we want to put a little
bit of the chocolate on it to secure it
and then put it towards the base of your
cake pop here but you put those in the
freezer that will create some stability
if you put it towards the base it
doesn't ruin the tip on the top so there
we go we want to put those in the
freezer for about an hour so while our
cake pops are in the freezer freezing
down I have a bag filled with some white
chocolate and just a little tip cut off
the end and I have made some hearts you
have to be careful your bags kind of
warm and you want to make a lot of these
because wet chocolates a little bit
harder to handle and icing or royal so
you'll want to make a lot of them so
that you can get the right size you can
make some abstract ones and you can see
I've made some little tiny ones here and
we'll use those to decorate our cake
pops after these can go in the fridge
for even five minutes or just let them
sit for half an hour and
plenty cool enough to use so our cake
pops have frozen down for a while so
next we're going to go ahead and dip
them and the thin down chocolate again
this is thin with some shortening to
make it thin enough to dip I want to
make sure the whole thing gets covered
and it's thinned enough that it's
probably going to need to be dipped
twice we're on our second dip each these
need to two maybe three dips and you
want to let the chocolate drip off as
much as possible so you don't get a
puddle underneath of them and you can
set them down and sprinkles if you want
to or just let them be plain
you can also drizzle with a second color
let that blend together let the excess
drip off so I let these harden you can
see this truck is hard this one I dipped
the back and some sprinkles just for a
variation now we want to use our
chocolate hearts that we made earlier so
we just want to slip them off get just
the tiniest bit of chocolate to stick
them on with and I'm going to stick that
there
and find another one just get a little
bit of chocolate on the back and stick
it there maybe a couple of these little
ones there yeah yeah you can do whatever
you want with these these are a lot of
fun you'll have a lot of them left over
so you need to find something else to do
with them
but they're a pretty little accent yeah
there you go
there are your decorated cake pops I
hope you enjoyed learning how to make
these grown-up cake pops of course you
can make them kid style too if you want
to if you really enjoyed this episode
please subscribe and join me at the art
of frosting blog spot.com also join in
sub Facebook at the art of frosting
there's lots more to come we'll see you
again soon